---
layout: post
title: Nitrous.IO Stories - Max Schoening and Heroku
author: greg
---

<img src="/images/max-schoening.jpg" alt="Max Schoening" style="margin: 0 5%;"/>

### Who are you and what do you do? 
  
My name is Max Schoening and I design products at 
[Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/), a cloud application platform that allows 
developers to focus on apps not infrastructure. 
  
Previous to Heroku I started [CloudApp](http://www.getcloudapp.com/), the 
easiest way to share one-off files and screenshots on the Mac. 
  
I spend most of my time thinking about product design, user interfaces, 
customer value, and end-user computing. 
  
### What hardware do you use? 
  
At the office I work on a Retina MacBook Pro with an external display, at home 
on an iMac and iPad. 

Vim and Tmux allow me to seamlessly switch hardware without losing context and 
I keep sessions open for both work and play. On the iPad I connect to Nitrous.io with [Prompt](http://www.panic.com/blog/2011/04/introducing-prompt-ssh-for-ios/) -- 
the extended iPad battery life is great for longer trips. 
<!--break-->  
### What do you code on Nitrous.IO? 

Every Heroku codebase that I work on runs on Nitrous.io -- at this point I 
don't need a local execution environment. Most of Heroku's web interfaces are 
Rails apps backed by Postgres databases and with Nitrous.io it's trivial to set 
up a Ruby development environment with the necessary dependencies. 
  
Occasionally I hack on side projects written in Node. Luckily Nitrous.io's Ruby 
boxes are provisioned with Node so a single instance is enough to get all of my 
work done. 
  
### What aspects of Nitrous.IO do you love the most? 
  
Many companies -- including [Heroku](http://cl.ly/image/2u182o07093K) -- have 
attempted to move development to the cloud. Nitrous.io is the first solution 
that doesn't feel like a toy. I can use it to get work done, today. 
  
### Whatâ€™s your dream dev environment setup? 
  
I believe in the ephemeralization of hardware. In the future we will carry 
around a device that is nothing more than a cache and a GPU with great network 
I/O that we can plug into displays and peripherals everywhere. The execution 
happens somewhere in "the cloud". 
  
Pushing development environments and tools for makers in that direction will 
have a huge impact on the future of computing. After all we are the early 
adopters. 
  
Development in the cloud gets us one step closer to that distant future. With 
better support for [third-party services](https://addons.heroku.com/) and a 
focus on apps instead of instances I can see most of my peers moving to 
Nitrous.io or similar products very soon. Here's to fantastic onboarding and 
collaboration.
